Employment discrimination is a stubbornly persistent social problem. Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 forbids employment discrimination on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, and national origin. Yet a large social science literature analyzing résumé correspondence experiments finds that these protected characteristics influence employer treatment of job applications (Bertrand and Duflo 2017; Quillian et al. 2017; Baert 2018), with some studies finding that this disparate treatment predicts later hiring decisions (Quillian, Lee, and Oliver 2020). In a reanalysis of several correspondence experiments, Kline and Walters (2021) find that discriminatory biases vary tremendously across job vacancies. Less is known, however, about the extent to which discriminatory jobs are concentrated in particular companies. Is the U.S. labor market characterized by a small faction of severe discriminators adrift in an ocean of unbiased firms, or do most companies exhibit roughly equivalent biases?

The answer to this question has a host of important ramifications. First, as emphasized by Becker (1957), if discrimination is confined to a small minority of firms, workers may be able to avoid prejudice by sorting to nondiscriminatory employers. Second, if the most biased firms also tend to offer the highest wages, the contribution of discrimination to observed disparities will tend to be amplified (Card, Cardoso, and Kline 2016; Gerard et al. 2021). Third, if only a few firms discriminate, and do so heavily, it may be possible for government regulators to target these companies for audits and investigations. For instance, the Office of Federal Contract Compliance (OFCCP) annually audits thousands of federal contractors for compliance with equal employment laws (Maxwell et al. 2013). Likewise, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) routinely launches investigations into whether particular companies have engaged in “systemic discrimination,” a term they define as “a pattern or practice, policy and/or class cases where the discrimination has a broad impact on an industry, profession, company or geographic location” (U.S. EEOC 2006b).